src/webroll.md, before:

---
title: Webroll
layout: page.njk
---

# Webroll

There's a lot of good websites out there. These are a few I have found that I want to share with you and share with my future self.

It's mostly blogs writing about software development. I read a lot of them.

## Articles

- **[A Very Good Blog](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/)**, by Keenan
  - [RSS readers make me want to jump into a vat of acid!](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/rss-readers-make-me-want-to-jump-into-a-vat-of-acid)
  - [Please please please please please please share your big dumb beautiful self with the world](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/please-please-please-please-please-please-share-your-big-dumb-beautiful-self-with-the-world)
  - [I’m turning off my website analytics because I’m very brave and I promise I truly do not care about the numbers](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/im-turning-off-my-website-analytics-because-im-very-brave-and-i-promise-i-truly-do-not-care-about-the-numbers)
- **[ample code](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/)**, by Einar Høst
  - [Death of a Craftsman](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/2020/04/05/death-of-a-craftsman/)
  - [Don’t settle for a playground](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/2023/03/29/dont-settle-for-a-playground/)
  - [Avoiding Technical Bankruptcy: a Whole-Organization Perspective on Technical Debt](https://www.infoq.com/articles/avoiding-technical-bankruptcy/) _(one of my favorite articles by Einar, on a different site)_
- **[Chelsea Troy](https://chelseatroy.com/)**
  - [Reviewing Pull Requests](https://chelseatroy.com/2019/12/18/reviewing-pull-requests/)
  - [What’s the point of tech conferences?](https://chelseatroy.com/2023/04/21/whats-the-point-of-tech-conferences/)
  - [Stop saying “technical debt”](https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/12/27/stop-saying-technical-debt/)
- **[Computer Things](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/)**, by Hillel Wayne
  - [Picat is my favorite new toolbox language](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/picat-is-my-favorite-new-toolbox-language/)
  - [What's between a set and a sequence?](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/whats-lives-between-a-set-and-a-sequence/)
  - [Code review vs code proofreading](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/code-review-vs-code-proofreading/)
- **[Eric Bailey](https://ericwbailey.website/)**
  - [My jeans’ metadata may outlive the company that sold them](https://ericwbailey.website/published/my-jeans-metadata-may-outlive-the-company-that-sold-them/)
  - [Sandcastles](https://ericwbailey.website/published/sandcastles/)
  - [The five types of people who produce inaccessible code](https://ericwbailey.website/published/the-five-types-of-people-who-produce-inaccessible-code/)
- **[Felienne Hermans](https://www.felienne.com/)**
  - [What is programming anyway? (video)](https://vimeo.com/210570493)
    - _(Excel spreadsheets are programming, fight me)_
      - _([Excel spreadsheets are also sports](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2QC6VQXo8U))_
  - [Programming is Writing is Programming](https://www.felienne.com/archives/5526)
  - [Programming and direct instruction](https://www.felienne.com/archives/6150)
- **[GeePawHill.org](https://www.geepawhill.org/)**
  - [Rice & Garlic & More Smaller Steps](https://www.geepawhill.org/2021/04/07/rice-garlic-more-smaller-steps/)
  - [On Not Knowing](https://www.geepawhill.org/2022/05/18/on-not-knowing/)
  - [Slash the Load](https://www.geepawhill.org/2022/10/25/slash-the-load/)
- **[Good Tech Things, the comics](https://www.goodtechthings.com/)**, by Forrest Brazeal
  - ["Cobbler's Child"](https://www.goodtechthings.com/cobblers-child/)
- **[Good Tech Things, the newsletter](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/)**, by Forrest Brazeal
  - [Google is a giant squid wearing Mickey Mouse gloves](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/google-is-a-giant-squid-wearing-mickey)
  - [Crimes against cloud: an investigation](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/crimes-against-cloud-an-investigation), or, _"A unified theory of horrifying cloud experiments"_
  - [Cynicism is the mind-killer](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/cynicism-is-the-mind-killer)
- **[HillelWayne.com](https://www.hillelwayne.com/)** (yes, if your newsletter and blog are separate, you get them listed separately!)
  - [Are We Really Engineers?](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/are-we-really-engineers/)
  - [Crimes with Python's Pattern Matching](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/python-abc/)
  - [Ten weird things you can buy online (and why you would)](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/weird-things-you-can-buy/)
- **[Jessitron](https://jessitron.com/)**
  - [Being the Best](https://jessitron.com/2024/01/23/being-the-best/)
  - [One Secret to Quality Software](https://jessitron.com/2020/05/08/one-secret-to-quality-software/)
  - [Software development pushes us to get better as people](https://jessitron.com/2021/11/28/software-development-pushes-us-to-get-better-as-people/)
- **[Luna's Blog](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/)**
  - [Adventures in the GBA BIOS](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/adventures-in-the-gba-bios/)
  - [Video Game Preservation and Minecraft](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/minecraft-data-hoarding/)
  - [Gordon Freeman at the Olympic Games](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/100m-accelerated-backhopping/)
- **[RonJeffries.com](https://ronjeffries.com/)**
  - [Weird Advice](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-y023/weird/)
  - [Strawberries 3: Simple Design](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-z022/strawberries/-z00/sb-003/)
  - [P-284: Improve Framework?](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-y023/python/-9x280/284/) _(Ron is a prolific writer of these series where he codes in public. I can never keep up with them but I love that they exist.)_
- **[Simpler Machines](https://www.simplermachines.com/)**, by Nat Bennett
  - [Career advice for engineers who aren't supposed to exist](https://www.simplermachines.com/career-advice-for-engineers-who-arent-supposed-to-exist/)
  - [The Mortifying Ordeal of Pairing All Day](https://www.simplermachines.com/the-mortifying-ordeal-of-pairing-all-day/)
  - [Why Elixir?](https://www.simplermachines.com/why-elixir/)
  - [Do you follow the God of Chairs?](https://www.simplermachines.com/the-god-of-chairs/)

## Podcasts

- **[Making Tech Better](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/)**, season 1 hosted by Clare Sudbery
  - [1 - Team learning, with Jessica Kerr](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-1-jessica-kerr/)
  - [10 - Changing legacy systems, with Meri Williams](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-10-meri-williams/)
  - [14 - Crowdsourcing, with Dr Mia Ridge](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-14-mia-ridge-2/)
- **[Oddly Influenced](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/)**, by Brian Marick
  - [Viruses, Cancer, TDD, and "Packages": Part 1](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/viruses-cancer-tdd-and-packages-part-1)
  - [James C. Scott’s _Seeing Like a State_, Part 1](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/james-c-scott-s-seeing-like-a-state-part-one)
  - [_Governing the Commons_, Part 1: setting the scene](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/governing-the-commons-part-1-setting-the-scene)

## Other???

- **[RSS JOY](https://rs.sjoy.lol/)**
- **[Sara Joy](https://sarajoy.dev/)**

Commit message:

Add Jim Nielsen's blog to webroll

src/webroll.md, after:

---
title: Webroll
layout: page.njk
---

# Webroll

There's a lot of good websites out there. These are a few I have found that I want to share with you and share with my future self.

It's mostly blogs writing about software development. I read a lot of them.

## Articles

- **[A Very Good Blog](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/)**, by Keenan
  - [RSS readers make me want to jump into a vat of acid!](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/rss-readers-make-me-want-to-jump-into-a-vat-of-acid)
  - [Please please please please please please share your big dumb beautiful self with the world](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/please-please-please-please-please-please-share-your-big-dumb-beautiful-self-with-the-world)
  - [I’m turning off my website analytics because I’m very brave and I promise I truly do not care about the numbers](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/im-turning-off-my-website-analytics-because-im-very-brave-and-i-promise-i-truly-do-not-care-about-the-numbers)
- **[ample code](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/)**, by Einar Høst
  - [Death of a Craftsman](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/2020/04/05/death-of-a-craftsman/)
  - [Don’t settle for a playground](https://einarwh.wordpress.com/2023/03/29/dont-settle-for-a-playground/)
  - [Avoiding Technical Bankruptcy: a Whole-Organization Perspective on Technical Debt](https://www.infoq.com/articles/avoiding-technical-bankruptcy/) _(one of my favorite articles by Einar, on a different site)_
- **[Chelsea Troy](https://chelseatroy.com/)**
  - [Reviewing Pull Requests](https://chelseatroy.com/2019/12/18/reviewing-pull-requests/)
  - [What’s the point of tech conferences?](https://chelseatroy.com/2023/04/21/whats-the-point-of-tech-conferences/)
  - [Stop saying “technical debt”](https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/12/27/stop-saying-technical-debt/)
- **[Computer Things](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/)**, by Hillel Wayne
  - [Picat is my favorite new toolbox language](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/picat-is-my-favorite-new-toolbox-language/)
  - [What's between a set and a sequence?](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/whats-lives-between-a-set-and-a-sequence/)
  - [Code review vs code proofreading](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/code-review-vs-code-proofreading/)
- **[Eric Bailey](https://ericwbailey.website/)**
  - [My jeans’ metadata may outlive the company that sold them](https://ericwbailey.website/published/my-jeans-metadata-may-outlive-the-company-that-sold-them/)
  - [Sandcastles](https://ericwbailey.website/published/sandcastles/)
  - [The five types of people who produce inaccessible code](https://ericwbailey.website/published/the-five-types-of-people-who-produce-inaccessible-code/)
- **[Felienne Hermans](https://www.felienne.com/)**
  - [What is programming anyway? (video)](https://vimeo.com/210570493)
    - _(Excel spreadsheets are programming, fight me)_
      - _([Excel spreadsheets are also sports](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2QC6VQXo8U))_
  - [Programming is Writing is Programming](https://www.felienne.com/archives/5526)
  - [Programming and direct instruction](https://www.felienne.com/archives/6150)
- **[GeePawHill.org](https://www.geepawhill.org/)**
  - [Rice & Garlic & More Smaller Steps](https://www.geepawhill.org/2021/04/07/rice-garlic-more-smaller-steps/)
  - [On Not Knowing](https://www.geepawhill.org/2022/05/18/on-not-knowing/)
  - [Slash the Load](https://www.geepawhill.org/2022/10/25/slash-the-load/)
- **[Good Tech Things, the comics](https://www.goodtechthings.com/)**, by Forrest Brazeal
  - ["Cobbler's Child"](https://www.goodtechthings.com/cobblers-child/)
- **[Good Tech Things, the newsletter](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/)**, by Forrest Brazeal
  - [Google is a giant squid wearing Mickey Mouse gloves](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/google-is-a-giant-squid-wearing-mickey)
  - [Crimes against cloud: an investigation](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/crimes-against-cloud-an-investigation), or, _"A unified theory of horrifying cloud experiments"_
  - [Cynicism is the mind-killer](https://newsletter.goodtechthings.com/p/cynicism-is-the-mind-killer)
- **[HillelWayne.com](https://www.hillelwayne.com/)** (yes, if your newsletter and blog are separate, you get them listed separately!)
  - [Are We Really Engineers?](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/are-we-really-engineers/)
  - [Crimes with Python's Pattern Matching](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/python-abc/)
  - [Ten weird things you can buy online (and why you would)](https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/weird-things-you-can-buy/)
- **[Jessitron](https://jessitron.com/)**
  - [Being the Best](https://jessitron.com/2024/01/23/being-the-best/)
  - [One Secret to Quality Software](https://jessitron.com/2020/05/08/one-secret-to-quality-software/)
  - [Software development pushes us to get better as people](https://jessitron.com/2021/11/28/software-development-pushes-us-to-get-better-as-people/)
- **[Jim Nielsen's blog](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/)**
  - [The Case for Design Engineers](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2022/the-case-for-design-engineers/)
  - [It's Humans All the Way Down](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2024/humans-all-the-way-down/)
  - [Blogging and Composting](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2023/blogging-and-compositing/)
- **[Luna's Blog](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/)**
  - [Adventures in the GBA BIOS](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/adventures-in-the-gba-bios/)
  - [Video Game Preservation and Minecraft](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/minecraft-data-hoarding/)
  - [Gordon Freeman at the Olympic Games](https://moonbase.lgbt/blog/100m-accelerated-backhopping/)
- **[RonJeffries.com](https://ronjeffries.com/)**
  - [Weird Advice](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-y023/weird/)
  - [Strawberries 3: Simple Design](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-z022/strawberries/-z00/sb-003/)
  - [P-284: Improve Framework?](https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-y023/python/-9x280/284/) _(Ron is a prolific writer of these series where he codes in public. I can never keep up with them but I love that they exist.)_
- **[Simpler Machines](https://www.simplermachines.com/)**, by Nat Bennett
  - [Career advice for engineers who aren't supposed to exist](https://www.simplermachines.com/career-advice-for-engineers-who-arent-supposed-to-exist/)
  - [The Mortifying Ordeal of Pairing All Day](https://www.simplermachines.com/the-mortifying-ordeal-of-pairing-all-day/)
  - [Why Elixir?](https://www.simplermachines.com/why-elixir/)
  - [Do you follow the God of Chairs?](https://www.simplermachines.com/the-god-of-chairs/)

## Podcasts

- **[Making Tech Better](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/)**, season 1 hosted by Clare Sudbery
  - [1 - Team learning, with Jessica Kerr](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-1-jessica-kerr/)
  - [10 - Changing legacy systems, with Meri Williams](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-10-meri-williams/)
  - [14 - Crowdsourcing, with Dr Mia Ridge](https://www.madetech.com/podcast/episode-14-mia-ridge-2/)
- **[Oddly Influenced](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/)**, by Brian Marick
  - [Viruses, Cancer, TDD, and "Packages": Part 1](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/viruses-cancer-tdd-and-packages-part-1)
  - [James C. Scott’s _Seeing Like a State_, Part 1](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/james-c-scott-s-seeing-like-a-state-part-one)
  - [_Governing the Commons_, Part 1: setting the scene](https://podcast.oddly-influenced.dev/episodes/governing-the-commons-part-1-setting-the-scene)

## Other???

- **[RSS JOY](https://rs.sjoy.lol/)**
- **[Sara Joy](https://sarajoy.dev/)**
